In this video you're going to learn a secret way to increase your page likes and not many people are
about this.
So it's pretty easy and it's very effective as well.
Now all you need to do is really invite people who have liked your post on Facebook to like your web
page.
So if I click here underneath one of the posts I can see that 34 people have like this but actually
not a lot.
Not everybody on this pose has actually liked my page so what I can do here is invite Gulam here to
come and like my page.
He's going to get a little notification at the top of his Facebook page in order to come.
And like my page.
So that's three people from one post there.
I do this quite regularly so there's not as many people underneath these comments.
Let's have a look at this one here.
So again just click in where people have liked or commented on your post and you're going to find people
that you can really invite to your page.
They're going to get that notification and all these notifications are going straight out.
Now as a very high chance that these people will like your Facebook page because they've already interacted
with content on your page.
And the cool thing is is that if you start to work for a company as a freelancer or you move into a
company where you're working you can just go back through all of their posts and start inviting people
and you're going to get that massive boost for your page likes straight away.
So it's a very easy strategy just come in and invite people who've liked your post to like your page.
Now if you really want to get the best out of this strategy you need to be creating posts that get a
lot of likes.
So I'll open up my Facebook insights here and show you the posts where I've got the most engagement.
Well look at the last 28 days will come down to posts here.
And really what we want to look at is the engagement here.
So if we have a look at this that's come down and open up some of these posts and I'll show you.
So we can see here that
over 200 people like this post and that obviously gave me a huge opportunity to then invite people which
I've already done.
So the key thing is to really ask people to like your post.
Now in this example I've given them a resource NFA cue for Facebook ads that I put together the top
30 Facebook ad questions and this was by popular demand I asked my audience do they want this.
And I put it together for them.
So the key thing here is I said thumbs up if you like.
So that really encouraged them to like the post and then I was able to invite them afterwards to like
the page if they hadn't.
Let's look at a couple of other ideas so you can get some ideas about how to use this for yourself.
So we looked at this one where there was five point or almost 400.
Let's have a look at this one.
And it's actually just again all I said is digital marketing summed up on Swan's line.
Thumbs up if you like.
Feel free to tag friends.
So again just giving that little instruction to for people to thumbs up if they like reading increases
the number of likes that you get which then in turn increases the opportunity for you to go ahead and
invite those people who like your post to like your page and let's come down a little bit further because
I think I have a good example of this again where I've used a like on a post essentially as a vote.
So in this example do you want me to create a complete list of fake news.
And I said like this post if so.
So there's a clear benefit for them to like the post because then I'll create this thing for them and
you can see ours as a result.
350 people like the post to kind of get their vote.
They want me to do the thing.
And then as a result you can see I was able to invite these people and there's still even people like
in this post that I haven't invited yet.
So it's a secret strategy a way to increase your page likes so you can really grow them very quickly
and just simply invite people of like to your post to like your page and then be strategic about some
of the posts that you put out so you can encourage him to like the post.
And then in turn get them to like your page.
So go ahead and try that for yourself right away or put it in your back pocket for later to use at work
or for a client.